com/google/android/gms/safetynet/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.safetynet.R
io/grpc/android/R.java
 io.grpc.android.R
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/cloudfirestore/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/shared_preferences_macos/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.shared_preferences_macos.R
 io.flutter.plugins.shared_preferences_macos.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.shared_preferences_macos.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.shared_preferences_macos.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.shared_preferences_macos.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.shared_preferences_macos.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.shared_preferences_macos.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.shared_preferences_macos.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.shared_preferences_macos.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.shared_preferences_macos.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.shared_preferences_macos.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/sharedpreferences/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
io/flutter/plugins/googlesignin/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.googlesignin.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
io/flutter/plugins/cloud_firestore_web/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.cloud_firestore_web.R
 io.flutter.plugins.cloud_firestore_web.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.cloud_firestore_web.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.cloud_firestore_web.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.cloud_firestore_web.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.cloud_firestore_web.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.cloud_firestore_web.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.cloud_firestore_web.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.cloud_firestore_web.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.cloud_firestore_web.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.cloud_firestore_web.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
firebase/com/protolitewrapper/R.java
 firebase.com.protolitewrapper.R
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/database/collection/R.java
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$color
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$id
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$string
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$style
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/auth/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/firestore/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$color
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$id
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$string
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$style
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$styleable
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/auth/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.R
com/google/firebase/R.java
 com.google.firebase.R
 com.google.firebase.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.R$color
 com.google.firebase.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.R$id
 com.google.firebase.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.R$string
 com.google.firebase.R$style
 com.google.firebase.R$styleable
com/example/chatapp/R.java
 com.example.chatapp.R
 com.example.chatapp.R$attr
 com.example.chatapp.R$color
 com.example.chatapp.R$dimen
 com.example.chatapp.R$drawable
 com.example.chatapp.R$id
 com.example.chatapp.R$integer
 com.example.chatapp.R$layout
 com.example.chatapp.R$mipmap
 com.example.chatapp.R$string
 com.example.chatapp.R$style
 com.example.chatapp.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/components/R.java
 com.google.firebase.components.R
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/GeneratedPluginRegistrant.java
 io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant
com/google/android/gms/auth/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.R
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
io/flutter/plugins/firebaseauth_web/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth_web.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth_web.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth_web.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth_web.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth_web.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth_web.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth_web.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth_web.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth_web.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth_web.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth_web.R$styleable
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/google_sign_in_web/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.google_sign_in_web.R
 io.flutter.plugins.google_sign_in_web.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.google_sign_in_web.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.google_sign_in_web.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.google_sign_in_web.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.google_sign_in_web.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.google_sign_in_web.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.google_sign_in_web.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.google_sign_in_web.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.google_sign_in_web.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.google_sign_in_web.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/firebase_core_web/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase_core_web.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase_core_web.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase_core_web.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase_core_web.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase_core_web.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase_core_web.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase_core_web.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase_core_web.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase_core_web.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase_core_web.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase_core_web.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/shared_preferences_web/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.shared_preferences_web.R
 io.flutter.plugins.shared_preferences_web.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.shared_preferences_web.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.shared_preferences_web.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.shared_preferences_web.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.shared_preferences_web.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.shared_preferences_web.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.shared_preferences_web.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.shared_preferences_web.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.shared_preferences_web.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.shared_preferences_web.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/core/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$styleable
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
com/example/chatapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.chatapp.BuildConfig
androidx/multidex/R.java
 androidx.multidex.R
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
io/flutter/plugins/firebaseauth/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/auth/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.internal.R
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
com/google/android/gms/auth/api/phone/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.auth.api.phone.R
